# The Overwatch League: Statistics For Success | [Article Link](https://medium.com/@christian6251/the-overwatch-league-statistics-for-success-5b32782d67ee)
Within this project, I investigate the most prominent and significant statistics for determing map victories within the 2022 Overwatch League season. To accomplish this goal, I use a random tree classifier from the Scikit-learn python library to construct a model with high accuracy that will then display the importance each statistic plays in predicting a team's final outcome as the winner or loser. I will then weight these crucial metrics and transform them into a new one that I have called Overwatch Win Expectancy (oWE). I then used this to scale the aggregate of these statistics down to the individual level to determine the best players in the Overwatch League, both by all roles and within each role of the season. For those wanting to learn more, my full analysis is available in the article linked in the title.  
All stats used in this project are provided directly from the Overwatch League and apply only to the past 2022 season. Links to these original datasets and the past seasons of the Overwatch League are linked within the `Contributions to Wins in the Overwatch League` notebook. Because these original datasets are confusing and difficult to use, I have constructed two other datasets called `stats2022` and `game_one`. The `stats2022` dataset is a more simple version of the provided 2022 season stats, and the `game_one` dataset is a simplified version of the 2022 map statistics provided, although it only includes the first maps for reasons that will be found within my article. Instructions on how I created these datasets will be provided in the `Overwatch League Modified Datasets Details` notebooks. Both datasets are free to use and can be modified at the user's discretion.
